It's the thirty-ninth day of the rainy season.

Right now,

(??) the package feels heavy, but you keep it balanced against your left hip.
(??) you finish tightening your laces while waiting for the light to change.

---

0??: The exhaust from the 67 bus is hot against your side while you're standing
at a red light for Beechwood Boulevard, and you wonder why you even took this
route.

The light for Beechwood turned yellow, and cross-traffic is about to stop.

(A) Anticipate your green light and blow through the moment you have a gap.
(B) Wait for the 67 to get ahead of you before you fall in behind it.

---

1??A: You drive down into the pedals and peel out into the intersection before
the bus has a chance to get rolling. Wilkins Avenue is uphill for the next
block, but you can't stand eating exhaust anymore.

The raindrops grow fatter and break against your goggles.

(A) Squint between the drops and keep moving.
(B) Give them a quick wipe.

---

1??B: The 67 starts moving with a roar, and you count to five before you click
into your pedals and start up Wilkins Avenue behind it.

Now the exhaust is hot and in your face.

(A) Swing a left onto Denniston Street to get out of the wake.
(B) Fall further back so you have breathing room.

---

2??AA: You can still sort of see the road, but you're practically hitting every
pothole on the way to your package drop.

The rumbling of the 67 bears down on you.

(A) Pedal faster.
(B) Take your next left so you can catch a quick break.

---

2??AB: You run the back of your glove over your goggles; the drops clear for a
moment, just in time for you to swerve around a pot hole.

There's a handful of cars waiting for the light at Shady Avenue.

(A) Cut left across the street and turn onto Denniston Street to avoid the holdup.
(B) Slow to a stop and wait.

---

2??BA: You suddenly take the side street, slipping through a gap between cars
you almost didn't see.

One of those cars honks and flips you off.

(A) Sprint down Denniston Street and hope you're not followed.
(B) Pull a handful of coins out of your pocket and fling them at the car.

---

2??BB: As the bus pulls ahead, you can breathe easy again. You can't help but
wonder if you're going to make your drop on time, though.

Do you feel late?

(A) Yes.
(B) No.

---

0??: Your feet thud against the sidewalk, spraying a thin layer of puddle water
against your shins. Your socks are already drenched.

Northumberland Street is getting torn up for repairs on the next block; you can
see the orange 'ROAD CLOSED' signs ahead.

(A) But you figure the sidewalk is still clear.
(B) Forget it, just hang a right on South Negley Avenue.

---

1??A: You skirt around the barricades for the road and stay on the sidewalk. No
one calls out to stop you, so you just keep going.

Some gravel manages to work its way into your sock as you jog over the uneven
ground.

(A) It's not a big deal.
(B) That's really annoying.

---

1??B: You don't want to take your chances with the DPW today, even if it means a
spontaneous hill workout.

In fact, you can see the Snegley hill looming a block ahead of you.

(A) Actually, never mind; turn right on Wilkins Avenue instead.
(B) Tell your legs to shut up and sprint for it.

---

2??AA: The worst that'll happen is a blister, and you know you can deal with
those. Your stride suffers a little, though, since every step sends a slight
jarring of pain into your foot.

A dog suddenly trots up next to you. It doesn't seem to be with anyone, but it
looks friendly.

(A) Stop and check out its tags.
(B) Ignore it and keep moving.

---

2??AB: You can't deal with the rock grinding into your heel anymore, so you stop
and take off your shoe so you can dump it out.

Before you get your shoe back on, a dog comes crashing out of the bushes, yanks
your shoe out of your hands, and sprints off.

(A) Chase after it, one-shoed.
(B) Take off your other shoe and throw it.

---

2??BA: You'll save the hill for another day, and double back down Wilkins.

The traffic on Wilkins throws a fine spray of water over you.

(A) It's refreshing.
(B) It's aggravating.

---

2??BB: Your breathing deepens as you start getting ready for the hill, and you
let your stride open up a bit so you can hit the base of it and go.

The traffic light turns yellow.

(A) You can make it.
(B) You slow down.

---
